I important enough so please hey I take
my message
as it is it
Douglas a AKA rich in a widow k
horseshoes he's like you seen on
anything we just read a poem recorder
look what who's recording right a
sponsor I put him on my knee he's all
why do you oh well baby anyway resound
yeah one of the first no let you go
first I think it's like fuck
la pagina damp a boy did what she had me
get her a check hey I stay in the
building I'm hiring didn't sealants I'm
in the cooking Eddie when cruising
through the traffic I'm doing my thang
smokin my weed and Taylor Gang Green in
my mind and stay up there I'm gonna do
my thing I keep it big like a fucking
dare hey these niggas at school think
they revered are they doing it started
machine whenever with the captain I'm
dissing I'm shootin niggas but I ain't
busy doing my thang as I come down a
penitent expedition niggas can't look at
my free starting again you got my
fucking night I come down i'm running
this bitch recent each to the ralphs
gang decided murdered that up and i
understand anything niggas talking
covina beach i am the basic this page in
any negative wanna fuck with me i leave
me in a date Laura's accident iteration
where is a fucking angel calm down I
just are some bangle shit for my nigga
house that he playing with some cards
imma come by my side always and we have
to cook this channel star some eggnog
just kill ya OOP